Great job. You made it through the first lesson.
Now let's review what we covered.
You now know about data security and
privacy including some of the key standards and regulations.
You have gained key information that you need to know about working
with PHI data that will protect your data and you.
You also explored your way through data allowing you to gain
a deeper understanding of your datasets including analyzing a dataset schema,
looking at value distributions,
missing values and the cardinality of categorical features.
It was a great adventure, wasn't it?
I hope you took some pictures.
Wait, maybe that won't be a great data security practice.
Finally, you completed a demographic dataset analysis.
You can now make sure that your dataset is
representative before it could become a problem.
Once again congratulations, you're ready to work real health care data sets.
You're also able to ensure that your training and predictions
of the model you build later are truly representative.
The next lesson is filled with the intrigue and mystery surrounding PHI code sets.
I bet you didn't guess that one.
I'll see you in the next lesson where you'll learn all about dealing with diagnosis,
procedure, and medication codes.
I'll see you in the next lesson where we'll cover diagnosis,